hey friend how can i help you how to
peel banana
here's a two-minute educational video
about peeling a banana in a correct way
no judgment how to peel banana correctly
well i've got another dozen videos on
the topic and if you're interested in
healthy qualities of bananas
here are some recommendations that you
might how to peel banana correctly
without hands this is getting a bit
difficult
but here's a video on peeling a banana
without using hands challenge
it has 224 videos so you're not even
alone
wait was that what you were searching
for okay not my business
next how to build a car
nice one here you go a video from a
specialized automobile factory
there's a whole channel in fact how to
build a car from scratch yourself
artisanary here a high class
professional with years of experience
shows how to do that in a most how to
build a car from scratch yourself
without experience
got you covered several professionals
explain
why it isn't possible but and a bunch of
ants to boot
next how to drive the topic of cars
never exhausts itself
here a driving school ad how to drive
online a racing game ad
how to drive when you're six legit you
know what
it's your here's some english grammar
tutorials
next cats twerking
cats never get old here's all i have 1
[Music]
and 268 nine videos which one would you
like to watch first
hello boston there okay next
how to cook hard-boiled eggs oh i know
that
there's about a hundred thousand videos
on that subject in a sink
oh well all i can show you is that
hard-boiled eggs don't float but sing
thank me later bye next
how not to eat a banana oh you again
i assume you completed the challenge
congrats
i guess okay there's a video on five
rules to eat a banana
and then a bright side video about
eating two bananas a day
useless junk i'm going to google wait
but what about two bananas a day
ah well next how to make cereal soup
cereal what okay you probably mean the
video game
well here's some videos on how to create
an avatar there
what you're going to google too i've
also got a video about whether cereal is
soup
it has almost 6 million views never mind
next what to name my cat
no dog no child no
my wifi ah i've got a trove of funny
wi-fi names for you my dear
next crafts to make with two thousand
toilet paper rolls
i have no single video with exactly that
number of paper rolls
but i can show you like a couple hundred
thousand videos on
what you can do with fewer of them what
do you say oh
i see you're uh already busy next
uh sometimes when i'm alone i hey hey
pal
do i really want to know this use comic
sans
oh no the horror here's an ad for a
place where you can get some
professional help
take care buddy hang in there next how
to remove salt from popcorn
why not leave it where it is fine
whatever
my results only have ways to add salt
not remove it
oh and one mentions making salted
caramel popcorn if you're interested
hey where are you tell me it's not to
google again
okay next how to freeze ice cream
is that a legit question oh wait did you
know you can make ice cream in five
minutes instead of waiting for hours
and there's also some hannah montana in
this batch to lift your mood
what it says right here check it for
yourself
next how can i make money sleeping
i wish you could okay here are 7 3
5 15 10 and 11 ways to do that
none actually working but hey you can
always give them a shot
hello should i give results for sudden
sleep syndrome instead
hey guys please carry them outside i
have people waiting
thanks next i just uploaded a bunch of
netflix movies online but
youtube has taken them down why
[Music]
oh naivete sorry here's a video of a
lawyer explaining copyright
better yet here's a whole playlist of
related videos
get to studying next how to draw a
picture
sure here have a couple million
tutorials from
every single artist in the world who has
a youtube channel
how to draw a picture without a pencil
really testing me huh
you mean without raising a pencil that i
have
how to draw a picture without holding a
pencil hey
no need to caps lock on me mister i'm
case sensitive
you know here a tutorial for drawing a
hand holding a pencil
is this what you asked for ah for crying
out loud
go google it already it's next door next
how to pick a lock so uh
what you looking to pick it with i got
bobby pins paper clips
nothing mike boyd wait who's mike boyd
anyway your choice with your eyes
i hope you don't mean my eyes hey found
some music videos for you there
what are you doing um that door isn't
live just push it
and call the next client please dogs
trying to open a can of corn
dogs don't do that but they can't try
eating corn on the cob
or did you mean making corn dogs dogs
trying to open a can of pickles
hey i got corn dogs stuffed with pickles
ah
i see we have your interest now next
loch ness monster stand up is this a
joke
well i have a lot of them here have some
stand-up shows sprinkled with
actual loch ness monster facts and
fiction no footage though sorry
next how to uh call in sick and make it
believable
oh sneaky okay there are hundreds of
reasons
not to go to work and one music video to
play in the background to
all of them happy now next
why do i hear boss music oh
i have so many dark souls video on that
just you take all this heap and go watch
them all next
how to keep your pants up you know what
i'm not going to give you
any videos here take this it's called a
belt
if it doesn't help here are suspenders
too and if those aren't to your liking
two words sweatpants with a drawstring
next where have you been you miss me
ah that's so sweet here listen to some
rihanna as my thanks
where have you been karaoke you want to
sing along
nice without me though here are your
results bye
next i think i might be a sociopath
you think well uh take this test and
here's some telltale signs too
good luck next can i eat a lemon
no sure you can here are some lemon
eating challenges for you
almost 100 million views by the way you
can add to the count
can i eat a lemon like an orange well
the first two results say you basically
can
but i wouldn't advise that here this one
has 70 million views
will you stop eating lemon in front of
me next
why isn't eleven pronounced one t1 good
question
i see there are at least 300 000
inquisitive minds just like yours
here your reward is one explanatory
video and a ton of amateur content
enjoy next unicorns caught on camera
um you do know unicorns don't exist
right
anyway here's a full batch of highly
click bait videos just for you
and if you ask google you'll also have a
similar batch of articles about that
recommend it next why are there no
trains in america
you're not friends with the guy who just
left here by any chance
america has trains here's a bunch of
proof for you
excellent how to make a pool table with
paper
well now there's a cardboard pool table
a wooden one
a glass one highly not recommended
though and yes a paper pool table played
with a pencil if you're interested
next what would a trip to the mariana
trench be like
aha i got just what you need here
first in the result a bright side video
about that
you won't regret it promise seems like
we're all done
for today guys you can come out from
there we're out of printing paper anyway
see you at the night shift don't be late